# House-Price-Pridiction-Project
Housing and Real estate Markets are one of the major contributor’s in a country’s economy . It is very large market and various companies are working in this domain. Data Science can play a vital role in solving problems related to this domain and can help the countries in their overall revenue , profits and improving their marketing strategies . Machine learning techniques can be used for achieving business goals for this housing companies . Our Problem is related to one of such U.S based housing company named Surprise Housing which want to enter Australian Market . The company want to use Data Analytics to purchase houses at a price below their actual values and flip them at a higher prices. The company has collected a dataset from the sale of houses in Australia . The company is looking at prospective properties to buy houses to enter the market . we will build a model using Machine Learning to predict the actual value of the prospective properties and it will help the company to decide whether to invest in property or not.
Trends in housing prices indicate the current economic situation and also are a concern to the buyers and sellers. There are many factors that have an impact on house prices, such as the number of bedrooms and bathrooms. House price depends upon its location as well. A house with great accessibility to highways, schools, malls, employment opportunities, would have a greater price as compared to a house with no such accessibility. Predicting house prices manually is a difficult task and generally not very accurate, hence there are many systems developed for house price prediction.
